1. What strategies can you use to communicate your message with presence?
Instruction: Choose all options that best answer the question. 

- Maintain your composure when you receive criticism from others ✅

- Articulate your core message clearly ✅

- Ensure you frequently dominate conversations

- Connect emotionally with others ✅

- Speak honestly and listen to people's ideas ✅

- Concisely plan what you're going to say ✅

- Never reveal what you're truly thinking

--------

2. What attributes can be found in people who connect emotionally with others?
Instruction: Choose all options that best answer the question. 


- They always try to agree with you 

- They don't engage in difficult discussions

- They are sincere ✅

- They listen carefully for ideas, values, and concerns ✅

- They don't seem distracted when you're talking to them ✅

- They are accessible and approachable ✅

- They show interest in other people's thoughts, ideas, and concerns ✅

-------------

3. Which statements about gravitas are true?
Instruction: Choose all options that best answer the question. 


- Having final authority gives you gravitas

- Projecting poise gives you gravitas ✅

- Having a charming personality contributes to gravitas

- Self-assurance contributes to gravitas ✅

- Having passion gives you gravitas ✅

-------------

4. What characteristics does a person with good physical executive presence generally have?
Instruction: Choose all options that best answer the question. 


- Confident body language ✅

- A high-pitched voice

- A habit of moving around and owning the room ✅

- A voice that can be clearly heard ✅

- Expressions that don't give anything away

- A professional appearance ✅

-------------

5. What personal traits and outward behaviors contribute to executive presence?
Instruction: Choose all options that best answer the question. 


- Influencing beyond position of authority ✅

- Making a lasting impression that changes over time ✅

- Controlling interpersonal relationships

- Displaying leadership competence and confidence ✅

- Providing entertainment and amusement

-------------

6. Which actions are helpful to developing a strong executive presence?
Instruction: Choose all options that best answer the question. 


- Practicing what you want to say and asking for feedback from others ✅

- Identifying your strengths and leveraging them ✅

- Believing in yourself and your message ✅
 
- Finding ways of making others look up to you

- Making a strategy for winning arguments

- Listening carefully and accepting criticism ✅