1. Match each presentation method with its corresponding example.
Instruction: For each option, select the best answer choice. 

A: Speech

B: Facilitated discussion

C: Informal talk

The general manager informs employees about the company's business strategy

A ✅

B

C

A project leader chats with his team to explore new ways to structure the team

A

B

C ✅

A union leader debates with members about new proposals from management

A

B ✅

C

---------

2. Match each presentation method with its corresponding example.
Instruction: For each option, select the best answer choice. 

A:Speech

B:Facilitated discussion

C:Informal talk


The general manager brainstorms with department managers to develop a new business strategy

A

B

C ✅

The facilities manager chairs a debate on the location of a new factory

A

B ✅

C

The HR manager outlines changes to the company's vacation guidelines

A ✅

B

C

---------

3. Match each presentation approach with an example of it. 

A:Time scale

B:Story

C:Question and answer

D:Problem solving

E:Compare and contrast


Explaining why the company is introducing a new confidentiality agreement

A

B

C ✅

D

E

Outlining how a new software patch overcomes a bug in the software

A

B

C

D ✅

E

Outlining how the company came through economic instability into a brighter future

A

B ✅

C

D

E

Highlighting the differences between the latest software release and the previous one

A

B

C

D

E ✅

Showing how sales have increased dramatically over a year

A ✅

B

C

D

E

-------

4. Match the presentation method to the example of it being used. Not every example will have a match.
Instruction: For each option, select all the answer choices that apply. 

A:Demonstration

B:Class

Options

A communications expert teaches team leads how to hold more effective meetings

A

B ✅

The project manager brainstorms with team members about the contents of the product requirements document

A ✅

B

The software manager shows new recruits how to manage their files on the network

A ✅

B

-----

5. Match each presentation approach with an example of it.
Instruction: For each option, select the best answer choice. 

A:Story

B:Problem solving

C:Question and answer

D:Time scale

E:Compare and contrast


Highlighting your organization's market share before and after the arrival of a competitor

A

B

C

D

E ✅

Outlining how new timekeeping software saves employees from having to clock in and out

A

B ✅

C

D

E

Outlining how the company came to appoint its first female CEO

A ✅

B

C

D

E

Explaining why the company is merging with another business

A

B

C ✅

D

E

Showing how costs have fallen dramatically over five years

A

B

C

D ✅

E

----------

6. Match the presentation method to the example of it being used. Not every example will have a match.
Instruction: For each option, select all the answer choices that apply. 

A:Class

B:Demonstration


The CEO informs employees about a change in the company's business strategy

A

B ✅

A sales representative shows a customer focus group how a new cell phone model works

A

B ✅

An HR manager trains department managers how to respond to employee complaints

A ✅

B