1. Which statements describe effective persuasive writing?
Instruction: Choose all options that best answer the question. 


- It should include a call to action ✅

- It should start out with something to grab the reader's attention ✅

- It should play to the reader's self-interest ✅

- It should respond to the reader's queries

- It should stay focused on a key benefit and make the reader want to achieve it ✅

- It should use a neutral tone

----------

2. Match the examples to the corresponding message types. More than one example may match to each type.
Instruction: For each option, select all the answer choices that apply. 

A:You write a memo to announce the appointment of a new CEO at your company

B:You write an e-mail to a new employee to outline company policy on annual leave

C:You write a thank you e-mail to a customer who submitted positive feedback about one of your products

D:You write a sympathy note to a team member who's informed you of a recent bereavement

E:You write a letter to ask an important client to attend a company sales event

Informative

A ✅

B ✅

C

D

E

Persuasive

A

B

C

D

E ✅

Responsive

A

B

C ✅

D ✅

E

--------------

3. Consider an example of a letter telling a job candidate that his application has been unsuccessful.

"Dear Mr. Bradford,

With reference to your inquiry last week about the position at Zoflina Technologies, I regret to inform you that your application was unsuccessful on this occasion. We received applications from many talented individuals, and have selected a candidate with both business and technical skills. I wish you well in your future career endeavors, and I hope you'll consider applying for future opportunities with our company.

Kind regards,
Ed Miller"

What makes this letter an effective piece of responsive writing?
Instruction: Choose all options that best answer the question. 
Answer Choices

- It gives excuses for the rejection

- It provides specific detail on what the candidate needs to know ✅

- It includes a positive and sincere statement at the end ✅

- It was prompt and courteous ✅

- It's brief and includes no irrelevant information ✅

- It encourages the reader to respond

--------

4. Match each message to the most appropriate tone to use for it.
Instruction: For each option, select the best answer choice. 

A:A memo to department heads about a new internal company policy

B:An e-mail to a team member about failing to follow correct procedure

C:A letter to clients informing them of scheduled service outages

D:An e-mail inviting a peer to a team dinner

Formal

A

B

C ✅

D

Economical and direct

A ✅

B

C

D

Authoritative

A

B ✅

C

D

Informal

A

B

C

D ✅

----------

5. Consider an e-mail about a company's policies on subcontractor agreements.

"Under normal circumstances, any preexisting subcontractor relationships can stay in place after you obtain a new contract. This also applies to arrangements you make after you have submitted an offer but before the contract is awarded to you. In all instances, please provide the following details:

1. Name(s) of all subcontractors
2. Effective dates of arrangement
3. Names of the key contact individuals for each company

Please submit this information directly via e-mail. Looking forward to working with you!"

Which statements represent reasons why this e-mail is a good piece of informative writing?

- The writer has presented his ideas in a clear and logical order ✅

- The writer has asked a question

- The writer has separated his opinion from the facts ✅

- The writer has included specific examples and details ✅

- The writer has acknowledged a personal relationship with his reader

------------

6. What are the main characteristics you need to consider when analyzing the targeted readers of a business document?
Instruction: Choose all options that best answer the question. 
Answer Choices

- The relationship you have with your reader ✅

- The audience's knowledge level ✅

- The physical proximity of audience members

- The cultural background of audience members

- Issues of concern to the audience ✅

- The size of your reading audience ✅