1. Consider this sentence: "At this point in time, the hardware you're proposing we purchase is far too expensive and I think that this is a result of it having no contesting competition."

Which changes need to be made to this sentence to make it more concise?
Instruction: Choose all options that best answer the question. 


- Replace the words "I think" with the words "I'm of the opinion that"

- Break the sentence into two sentences ✅

- Add modifiers to make the sentence more descriptive

- Remove the word "contesting" ✅

- Remove the phrase "At this point in time" ✅

-----------

2. Which sentences demonstrate the use of precise verbs and active voice

- The CEO evaluated the transition plan ✅

- You must reboot your computer after you install the software ✅

- We perform calculations of dicounts for customers who buy in bulk

- Our proposal has been accepted by the client

--------

3. Consider this sentence: "Planning project management considerations are outlined in the document."

Which of the revised sentences applies a technique for clearer writing?
Instruction: Choose the option that best answers the question. 


- "Considerations of project management for planning are outlined in the document." ✅

- "Planning project management considerations are thus outlined in the document."

- "Planning project management considerations are clearly delineated in the document."

-------------

4. Consider this text: "Later this week, the new employee will be transitioning into your department. Please indoctrinate her on company policies."

Which revisions follow the guidelines for effective word choice?
Instruction: Choose all options that best answer the question. 
Answer Choices

- "Please instruct her on company policies." ✅

- "Please inculcate in her a proper regard for company policies."

- "...the new employee, Jane, will be joining your department." ✅

- "On Tuesday at 9 a.m., the new employee, Jane,..." ✅

- "...the new employee, Jane, will be transitioning into your corner of the organization."

---------------

5. Which design elements are useful to make your text clearer?
Instruction: Choose all options that best answer the question. 
Answer Choices

- Short lines of text ✅

- Headings in different font sizes ✅

- Four-inch margins on both sides of your text

- Appropriate use of white space ✅

- Bulleted lists ✅

- Graphics on every page

------------

6. Which statements are good guidelines for organizing your writing?
Instruction: Choose all options that best answer the question. 
Answer Choices

- Include a hook that encourages your reader to keep reading ✅

- Add interest by including anecdotes that aren't directly related to the main point

- Include a strong conclusion that restates the message, calls for action, or discusses implications ✅

- In the main body, group your text in a logical order and include supporting information ✅

- State the key message of your text only in the main body